Welcome to our special edition of the day
for Comcast advertising
it's going to be a truly one-of-a-kind experience where we have our own vows ends of employees
Around the Globe coming together at the same time and in some cases on tape delay
add to foster a better understanding of diversity
equality and inclusion
and the actions that we can take both big and small as a company and personally
to create a more inclusive work space
where everyone feels valued respected and supported
one for me just to lay out the reason they were doing
there's two insects
the first is
diversity of thought
experience and background is good
and it makes us better
and the only way that we could see that is by creating an environment
where everybody feels safe
respected and valued
so that's also important big reason that we're doing
and finally I want to see up front and we don't have all the answers
but it's so it's really important for all of us to reflect on today both what we've seen and what we're about to see
and think about what we individually can do
differently
ourselves
and also how we can contribute
to our overall
and our overall company to see what we can do better
mercy and said I wanted Greg wanted to create an environment where people want to stay in bro
Kalahari manager
and looking at Talent bringing them in
and then observing them look around the people that look like them or a mentor in traffic headed
and getting the reaction when they
don't see that the way
that the anticipated
and then kind of wonder about trying to look
for a resources either and other departments
in other parts of the company it stopped
taking my time and seeing how the company showed out
and the resources they put behind it
this great panel
above the
the board that I am on for Effective and
the relationships are developing their and Willie
the listing is happening at a very high low
it's been very
humbling and I appreciate it
it's so then allows me to open up and unpack things not going to do it here
and so it's just
really kind of seeing beyond beyond yourself
and your personal experience
in and realizing that there's so much at stake
right now and the importance of saying something
NOTE lang en